apps/game-hub/README.md, before:

# Game Hub

Mini-game hub (Tic Tac Toe, Rock Paper Scissors, Dare X) built with Next.js 16 and Supabase auth.

## Features
- **Tic Tac Toe:** Local PvP and vs-computer modes with move history and quick resets.
- **Rock Paper Scissors:** Fast computer rounds with running win/loss/draw tallies.
- **Dare X:** Party dares with built-in prompts, custom dare lists (import/export), player rotation, and completion tracking.
- Supabase-backed auth (email/password, guest login, profile updates, account deletion) plus a shared themed shell from `@repo/ui`.

## Run locally
From the repo root:
```bash
pnpm dev --filter ghub
```

## Environment
Create `.env.local` in `apps/game-hub` (or the repo root) with:
```
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=...
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=...
SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY=...   # required for /api/account/delete
GUEST_EMAIL_LOGIN=...           # optional, enables guest login
GUEST_PASSWORD_LOGIN=...
```

## Notes
- Game metadata lives in `src/lib/games.ts`.
- Supabase clients are in `src/lib/supabase/`; guest login is handled via `/api/guest-login`.

Commit message:

Added the new games : Memory match & Connect Four

apps/game-hub/README.md, after:

# Game Hub

Mini-game hub featuring five interactive games (Tic Tac Toe, Rock Paper Scissors, Connect Four, Memory Match, Dare X) built with Next.js 16 and Supabase auth.

## Features
- **Tic Tac Toe:** Local PvP and vs-computer modes with move history and quick resets. Default mode is Player vs Computer.
- **Rock Paper Scissors:** Fast computer rounds with running win/loss/draw tallies.
- **Connect Four:** Drop pieces to connect four in a row. Features animated coin drops, winning line highlighting, and AI opponent with strategic gameplay. Supports both PvP and vs-computer modes.
- **Memory Match:** Find matching pairs of cards with three difficulty levels (Easy, Medium, Hard). Turn-based gameplay with score tracking and AI opponent. Supports both PvP and vs-computer modes.
- **Dare X:** Party dares with built-in prompts, custom dare lists (import/export), player rotation, and completion tracking.
- Supabase-backed auth (email/password, guest login, profile updates, account deletion) plus a shared themed shell from `@repo/ui`.

## Run locally
From the repo root:
```bash
pnpm dev --filter ghub
```

## Environment
Create `.env.local` in `apps/game-hub` (or the repo root) with:
```
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=...
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=...
SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY=...   # required for /api/account/delete
GUEST_EMAIL_LOGIN=...           # optional, enables guest login
GUEST_PASSWORD_LOGIN=...
```

## Notes
- Game metadata lives in `src/lib/games.ts`.
- Supabase clients are in `src/lib/supabase/`; guest login is handled via `/api/guest-login`.
